==Preview==
<p>Majesty for Linux contains both the full Majesty game, and the expansion pack, The Northern Expansion.</p>

==Text==
<p><strong>About the Game</strong></p>
<p>Ever wonder what it would be like to sit on the throne of a growing fantasy kingdom? To enlist the aid of Wizards, Elves, Barbarians and other fantastic heroes in tackling epic fantasy's classic challenges? If so, Cyberlore Studios and Hasbro Interactive&trade; have prepared for your ascension to power. <br /><br />Majesty is a unique sim putting you in the crushed velvet hotseat of your own kingdom. With an epic quest before you, you make the decisions of where to build your settlement's guilds and temples. From these you recruit a varied cast of larger-than-life heroes. Each one has a mind of his own and must be enticed to meet your goals, via rewards you offer and spells you cast. Meanwhile you must make sure that your treasury stays flush with cash to support these and other outlays necessary to maintain a thriving medieval town. The fact that you are being barraged by attacks from mythical beasts and fantastic creatures doesn't make your job any easier. <br /><br />Poor choices will leave your kingdom in ruin but a wise ruler will complete his quests, fill his coffers and create a kingdom that will be remembered in song and story. <br /><br />It's all just another day on the throne in Ardania. Think you're up to it?</p>
<hr />
<p><strong>Trailer</strong></p>
<p><video width="515" controls="true"> <source src="http://videos.fun4tux.ch/majesty-trailer-en.ogg"></source> <source src="http://videos.fun4tux.ch/majesty-trailer-en.m4v"></source> Your browser does not support the video tag! Go and get a <a href="http://www.mozilla-europe.org/de/firefox/">good one</a>!</video></p>
<hr />
<p><strong>General information</strong></p>
<table border="0">
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Age rating<br /></td>
<td>12+</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Language of the dvd-box</td>
<td>English</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Language of the manual</td>
<td>English<br /></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Language of the game</td>
<td>English</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Demoversion</td>
<td><a href="http://demos.fun4tux.ch/majesty/">Demo for Majesty Gold</a></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Updates</td>
<td><a href="http://updates.fun4tux.ch/majestyr2/">Updates for Majesty Gold</a></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Condition</td>
<td>Brand new</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Content</td>
<td>CD-Rom and manual in a DVD box</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<hr />
<p><strong>Minimum Requirements<br /></strong></p>
<table border="0" cellspacing="5" cellpadding="5">
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Processor<br /></td>
<td>166 MHz x86 Processor</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Graphics Card<br /></td>
<td>Graphics card with 8 MB video memory<br /></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Memory</td>
<td>48 MB</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Disc Space<br /></td>
<td>410 MB</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Sound Card</td>
<td>OSS compatible</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Optical Drive</td>
<td>4x CD-Rom</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Operating System<br /></td>
<td>
<p>GNU/Linux x86 system (x64/amd64 systems through 32 bit emulation layer only), 2.2.x or better Linux kernel with glibc-2.1 or later and X-Windows (XFree86 3.3.x or later)</p>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
